* what Are Graphs

We use graph to represent connected objects such as the routers in a network or people on a social
media platform.
Using a graph, you can see how people are connected, and how strong these connections are.
Just like trees, graphs consist of nodes and edges.
In fact, mathematically speaking, a tree is a kind of a graph.
It's a graph without any cycles. Also, here, we don't have a root note.
So here we have a graph with four nodes, and six edges or lines.
 These nodes are also called vertices, which is the plural of vertex. Vertex is an older term.
So these nodes can be connected to any other nodes. We don't
have a limitation in terms of how many connections or ages we can have for one node. If two nodes are
directly connected, we say they're adjacent or neighbors. So here, john, I'm Bob are adjacent or neighbors
with John and Sam aren't because they're not directly connected. If these edges have a direction, we say
we have a directed graph. So in this graph, john He's connected to Bob. But the opposite is not true. This
is similar to how Twitter works. If you follow someone, there is a connection from your account to their
account, but not the other way around unless they follow you as well. Undirected graphs are like
Facebook and LinkedIn. If you add someone as a friend, there will be a line or a connection between the
two of you, and this connection doesn't have a direction. Now, these edges can also have a weight. We use
this weights to represent how strong a connection is. For example, on a social media platform, if two
people interact a lot, we can put a higher weight on their connection. Later, we can show their best
friends by finding the neighboring node with the highest weights,. Another application of graphs is in
finding the shortest path between two nodes. For example, we can use a graph to represent how different
cities or areas are connected. The weights we put on these edges can represent the distance traveling
cost or traffic conditions. Later in the section, I will show you how to implement an algorithm to find the
shortest path Between two nodes. It's very interesting. So this is the basics of graphs. Next we're going to
talk about various ways to implement a graph.

